The GCALOR package contains the original CALOR simulation code 
(including the low energy neutron code MICAP ) developed and maintained by 
the Oak Ridge National Laboratory ( ORNL ) and an interface to utilize this 
code in the framework of GEANT . 

GCALOR consists of 

HETC 
The High-Energy-Transport-Code is transporting charged hadrons up to an 
energy of 10 GeV through the materials of the setup 
FLUKA 
The FLUKA fragmentation model is utilized for interactions above the HETC limit 
MICAP 
The neutron code from the Monte-carlo-Ionization-Chamber-Analysis-Program is 
called for neutrons with a kinetic energy below 20 MeV. The simulation of 
interactions is based on measured/calculated cross sections and secondary 
particle energy/angular distributions 

Interface 
---------
The interface between CALOR and GEANT determines which code to call for the 
current particle. The material description is automatically extracted from 
GEANT The transport of electromagnetic interacting particles is performed by 
GEANT as well as the tracking and the calculation of the energy deposition. 

Installation with VMC:
------------
 1. download the CALOR code (see below) and copy it to  geant3/gcalor directory
 2. Rename the file gcalor_unix.f to gcalor.F
 3. Apply the patch gcalor_vmc.diff to the original gcalor code 
    (patch -p1 gcalor.F gcalor_vmc.diff)
 4. In the geant3/Makefile add the gcalor directory to the GDIRS
 5. In the directory geant3 call make.

Usage with vmc
--------------
 1. one has to call TGeant3::SetHADR(5) in the initalization of Geant3.
 2. $G3SYS variable has to defined 
 3. One has to apply the patch in gcalor_vmc.diff

For the initialisation, GCALOR needs the following  additional cross-section 
data (expected files: chetc.dat and xsneut.dat in the $G3SYS/lib directory) 
for all needed materials, GCALOR Calculate the macroscopic cross-section for 
low energy neutrons and write relevant informations for the user to file 
calor.out


 
The GCALOR package has been tested on different computer platforms: 

Unix systems 
DecAlpha, Silicon Graphics, Hewlett Packard, IBM-R6000, SUN Sparc and Linux on PC 
DecVMS 
DecALpha and VAX 
MVS 
IBM Mainframe 3090 

The GCALOR does not work for the moment on 64 bit arcitecture. For the 64 bit, 
it is needed to compile with the option "-m32".


For download and  more detailed information:  
http://www.staff.uni-mainz.de/zeitnitz/Gcalor/gcalor.html 


