This release of the geant3 part of the VMC contains new features 
for the error propagation (GEANE). These can be summarized as 
follows:

1) update of the Coulomb multiple scattering parametrization;
2) update of the straggling of energy loss for thin materials;
3) new options to extrapolate the track parameters to the point 
   of closest approach to a point or to a wire (straight line).
   
Details on the physical motivation behind this work can be found 
in our report for the Panda Collaboration, available at:

http://www.pv.infn.it/~fontana/tracking.pdf

Feel free to contact us for questions and discussions about these 
topics by using the following email addresses:

alberto.rotondi@pv.infn.it
andrea.fontana@pv.infn.it   

---

List of changes in the fortran and C++ routines of the geant3
VMC directory:

- gcmore.inc
  gtmore.inc
  geant3LinkDef.h
  gcomad.F
  
 Added a new common that contains all the new variables:
      COMMON/GCMORE/GCALPHA,ICLOSE,PFINAL(3),DSTRT,WIRE1(3),WIRE2(3),
     +              P1(3),P2(3),P3(3),CLENG(3)

     input to ERLAND:
      GCALPHA: energy cut parameter for energy loss fluctuations

     input to EUSTEP:
      ICLOSE: = 1 the use of the common is enabled for the closest 
                  approach to a point PFINAL(3)
              = 2 the use of the common is enabled for the closest 
                  approach to a wire of extremes WIRE1(3) and WIRE2(3)
              = 0 the common is empty and disabled
      PFINAL(3): assigned point
      DSTRT: assigned distance between initial point in ERTRAK 
             and PFINAL along straight line (currently noy used)
      WIRE1(3): first point of a wire
      WIRE2(3): second point of a wire
 
     output from EUSTEP:
      P1(3): point previous to the point of closest approach to 
             PFINAL() or wire
      P2(3): point of closest approach to PFINAL() or wire
      P3(3): point next to the point of closest approach to 
             PFINAL() or wire
      CLENG(3): track length to the previous 3 points
     
      Important note: the calculated points of closest approach are 
      depending on the GEANE steps. For calculating the true point 
      of closest approach the last 3 points of the extrapolation, i.e. 
      the previous to closest, the closest and the next to closest are 
      returned to the user. Different algorithms can be implemented, but 
      we decided to leave this to the users in the C++ interface to GEANE.

- ermcsc.F
 new expression for the variance of the Coulomb multiple scattering
 according to Fruhwirth and Regler, NIM A 456 (2001) 369

- ertrch.F
 added DESTEP in the calling string of ERLAND for calculation with 
 Urban model. Added and saved previous step PRSTEP.

- erland.F
 added new calculation for sigma of straggling in energy loss
 to include in Geane the Urban/Landau approximation, as explained
 in the Geant manual and related papers.
 The model parametrization can be controlled with a user variable (GCALPHA) 
 in the new GCMORE common block: 1 is for old gaussian model valid 
 for dense materials, other values (see the report) are for gaseous
 materials.

- eustep.F
 added the calculation to the distance of closest approach to a point 
 or to a wire. 

- TGeant3.h
- TGeant3.cxx
 added the possibility to define user cuts (already present in the gccuts
 struct but not in the TGeant3::SetCUTS method) and to define the new 
 variables of the GCMORE common with two new methods SetECut() and 
 SetClose().
 Added new method InitGEANE() to initialize GEANE to the old behaviour 
 (default) for backward compatibility. Only the multiple scattering has 
 been updated to a more correct formula.
 Corrected a typo in the call to the routine Trscsd().
